for my qualifier project, i investigate a new univerality class induced by global stochastic Bernoulli control at fixed point 1/3 and 2/3 on unitary dynamics on digital quantum circuits by method of matrix product states. first of all, what is unitary dynamics. here you can talk about starting from what is a quantum circuit. what is unitary gates. why do we care about states evolving under random unitary gates. what is entanglement entropy and what does it capture. in the context of unitary dynamics, what is a projective measurement and how it comes into play with entnaglement entropy growing under unitary dynamics. then from "quantum entanglement growth under random unitary dynamics" the first phase transition is discovered. discuss what a phase transition is, and what interesting questions this seminal work leads into. now we have finished discussing the context---the measurement induced phase transition.

in the context of MIPT, what is control? why do we care about control? the key point is control can also induce phase transition in observables called CIPT (note that the entanglement entropy is not an observable). what role does control play in the broader context of MIPT? one type of control is a bernoulli map. what is it? why do we care about it? what is so special about the bernoulli map? now that we are familiar about cipt and mipt as context, one interesting question is if we have both control and projective measurement gates, how do they play with each other? furthermore, does this interplay between cipt and mipt depend on the locality of the control gates (this will leads to Haining nonlocal and local work based upon which extends my work)? now i can show my results obtained with the python simulation. here we need to address the new universality class as discovered by Haining. the details of the simulation and what a data collapsing (finite size scaling is performed) is. tell the reader what this result shows and its deficiencies. up to this point, nothing is new. the aim of my project is to take this result to the next level with matrix product states.

talk about what mps is, what is tensor network. how to run the simulation with mps approach and what edge it gives you. not sure whether i should include the details of how to find the maxbond dimension. then show finite size scaling result is i have it. basically the edge is to go to bigger system sizes. also note that the metric now is different. before with python we can do tripartite entanglement entropy but now i can only do half-cut entanglement entropy. 